Documentation and release note changes for Astronomer CLI 0.27.2 (#308)
astronomer/docs: enterprise/release-notes.md

We're committed to testing all Astronomer Enterprise versions for scale, reliability and security on Amazon EKS, Google GKE and Azure AKS. If you have any questions or an issue to report, don't hesitate to [reach out to us](https://support.astronomer.io).

## 0.27.2

Release date: January 21, 2022

### Improvements to the Local Development Experience

:::danger Breaking Change

The latest version of the Astronomer CLI uses Docker engine `1.13.1` to run Airflow locally via `astro dev`. If you haven't done so already, ensure that your version of Docker Engine is at least `1.13.1` before upgrading the Astronomer CLI to v0.27.2. If your Docker Engine version is `<1.13.1`, then `astro dev` commands will not work on your local machine.

:::

Astronomer CLI v0.27.2 includes several improvements to the local development experience:

> - You can now run `astro dev start` with Docker Buildkit enabled.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- You can now run `astro dev start` with Docker Buildkit enabled. This resolves a [common issue](https://forum.astronomer.io/t/buildkit-not-supported-by-daemon-error-command-docker-build-t-airflow-astro-bcb837-airflow-latest-failed-failed-to-execute-cmd-exit-status-1/857) whereby users with Docker Buildkit enabled experienced an error that prevented them from running this command.
```

> - You can now run the Triggerer in a local Airflow environment, meaning that you can test DAGs that include [deferrable operators](https://airflow.apache.org/docs/apache-airflow/stable/concepts/deferring.html) before pushing them to a Deployment. Triggerer logs appear alongside Webserver and Scheduler logs when you run `astro dev logs`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- You can now run the Airflow Triggerer in a local Airflow environment. When you run `astro dev start` via the Astronomer CLI, a container for the Triggerer will now be started alongside containers for the Scheduler, Webserver, and Postgres Metadata Database. This means that you can test DAGs that use [deferrable operators](https://airflow.apache.org/docs/apache-airflow/stable/concepts/deferring.html) locally before pushing them to a Deployment on Astronomer. Triggerer logs appear alongside Webserver and Scheduler logs when you run `astro dev logs`. This command will only be successful  in environments running Astronomer Certified 2.2.0+.
```

Author: I cut this down a bit

- The Docker containers for the Scheduler, Webserver, and Triggerer now have standard names that persist after restarting your environment. You can check the names of these containers in your local Airflow environment by running `astro dev ps`:

    ```sh
    $ astro dev ps

    Name				State		Ports
    webserver			running		8080
    triggerer			running		
    scheduler			running		
    0.27.2_a64c1a-postgres-1	running		5432
    ```

    To change the default names of these containers, run `astro config set <airflow-component>.container_name <new-component-container-name>`.

### Additional Improvements

> - The Astronomer CLI can now be installed on machines with an [Apple M1 chip](https://www.apple.com/newsroom/2020/11/apple-unleashes-m1/) via both curl and HomeBrew.

Reviewer: Link to CLI install? Also `HomeBrew` > `Homebrew`?

We're committed to testing all Astronomer Enterprise versions for scale, reliability and security on Amazon EKS, Google GKE and Azure AKS. If you have any questions or an issue to report, don't hesitate to [reach out to us](https://support.astronomer.io).

## 0.27.2

Release date: January 21, 2022

### Improvements to the Local Development Experience

:::danger Breaking Change

The latest version of the Astronomer CLI uses Docker engine `1.13.1` to run Airflow locally via `astro dev`. If you haven't done so already, ensure that your version of Docker Engine is at least `1.13.1` before upgrading the Astronomer CLI to v0.27.2. If your Docker Engine version is `<1.13.1`, then `astro dev` commands will not work on your local machine.

:::

Astronomer CLI v0.27.2 includes several improvements to the local development experience:

> - You no longer need to turn off Docker Buildkit to run `astro dev start`.

Reviewer 2: I would turn this into a "positive" (I have no idea how to say this in english).
Something similar to: "We now support Docker Buildkit! Even with BuildKit enabled, you are able to run `astro dev start`"

> - You can now run the Triggerer in a local Airflow environment, meaning that you can test DAGs that include [deferrable operators](https://airflow.apache.org/docs/apache-airflow/stable/concepts/deferring.html) before pushing them to a Deployment. Triggerer logs appear alongside Webserver and Scheduler logs when you run `astro dev logs`.

Reviewer 3: Should we also mention that `Triggerer` container will only spawn when airflow version is `>= 2.2.0`

Reviewer 2: Agree

Author: Does the triggerer run only when a DAG contains a deferrable operator? If so, then we can just focus on the operators and not worry too much about specifying versions. If a user wants to use deferrable operators, they need 2.2.0+ by assumption
